# Welcome to BimlFlex Community

This Github repository intends to provide open-source access to various useful tricks, tips, code snippets and support tooling that can be used designing and operating BimlFlex data solutions.

All content in this repository is unsupported, for public general use and open source.

For more information on BimlFlex:

* [BimlFlex homepage](https://www.bimlflex.com/)
* BimlFlex documentation and an overview of the components can be found on the [documentation site](https://docs.varigence.com/bimlflex/index).

## Reporting dashboard

Data logistics code generated by BimlFlex by default is integrated with the standard (data logistics) control framework that BimlFlex provides. This means that every data logistics process interfaces with the control framework repository - the _BimlCatalog_. All actions are recorded here for auditability and ease of managenent. For example, this covers when processes start and finish, how many rows they interact with and what the state of each process is (succesfull, running failed etc.).

BimlFlex provides reporting on this information from the BimlFlex App, but in some cases users may want to change the reporting or integrate this into proprietary frameworks.

This repository contains a Power BI file is provided to support reporting requirements on events logged in the BimlCatalog.

[Read more about the Power BI dashboard here](BimlCatalogReporting/PowerBI)

## How to contribute

All input is welcome! Please create a new branch for any change to prevent too many direct commits to the master branch.
